Click on the `+Jupyter Notebook+` tab near the top of the lab window.
This will open your Jupyter Notebook in a new tab.

When presented with a login screen, enter `+redhat+` into the password
box and click `+Log in+`.
image:../assets/jupyter-login.png[../assets/jupyter-login]

When you reach the notebook’s main menu, click on the check box to the
left of `+neural_network.ipynb+`, and then click open.
image:../assets/neural_network_open.png[../assets/neural_network_open]

First, take a look at the Jupyter Notebook. You’ll notice that is
structured as code surrounded by formatted text, offering context as to
what the code is doing. In its current state, there is no visible output
from your code. To view the output of your code, you will need to run
the program.

To run all of the code, click on the button pictured below:
image:../assets/jupyter_play_neural.png[../assets/jupyter_play_neural]

Next, you will be prompted with a dialog box asking whether you wish to
restart the kernel. Click `+Restart+`.
image:../assets/jupyter_run_all_neural.png[../assets/jupyter_run_all_neural]
The kernel will restart and your program will run. This will take about
20 seconds to finish.

Once the program has run, scroll through the Jupyter Notebook again. You
should see output like this:
image:../assets/tf_numerical_output.png[../assets/tf_numerical_output]
image:../assets/tf_model_test.png[../assets/tf_model_test]

In the last part of your program’s output, it selects 5 images and
attempts to recognize them through the model you have trained during
this lab.

To learn more about TensorFlow and learn how to use it in your own
programs, check out the helpful tutorials here:
https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials

You have now successfully trained and tested a neural network in Red Hat
Enterprise Linux. This concludes the lab, but feel free to explore
further until the lab session expires.
